`azurerm_kusto_cluster` - Support for `optimized_auto_scale` (#7371)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kusto_cluster.html.markdown

* `name` - (Required) The name of the SKU. Valid values are: `Dev(No SLA)_Standard_D11_v2`, `Dev(No SLA)_Standard_E2a_v4`, `Standard_D11_v2`, `Standard_D12_v2`, `Standard_D13_v2`, `Standard_D14_v2`, `Standard_DS13_v2+1TB_PS`, `Standard_DS13_v2+2TB_PS`, `Standard_DS14_v2+3TB_PS`, `Standard_DS14_v2+4TB_PS`, `Standard_E16as_v4+3TB_PS`, `Standard_E16as_v4+4TB_PS`, `Standard_E16a_v4`, `Standard_E2a_v4`, `Standard_E4a_v4`, `Standard_E8as_v4+1TB_PS`, `Standard_E8as_v4+2TB_PS`, `Standard_E8a_v4`, `Standard_L16s`, `Standard_L4s` and `Standard_L8s`

> * `capacity` - (Optional) Specifies the node count for the cluster. Boundaries depend on the sku name.

Author: Changed to Optional

~> **NOTE:** When `type` is set to `SystemAssigned`, the Principal ID can be retrieved after the cluster has been created. More details are available below. See [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/managed-service-identity/overview) for additional information.

---

A `optimized_auto_scale` block supports the following:

* `version` - (Computed) The version of the template defined, for instance 1.

> * `enabled` - (Computed) A boolean value that indicate if the optimized autoscale feature is enabled or not.

Reviewer: these are computed - so if they're not being user-configurable then we should remove them (and put them in the "Attributes" section below)

Author: I‘ll change at least the enabled attribute to be configurable. The meaning of the version attribute isn‘t really clear for me. The spec claims that it‘s a template version. Maybe there are several optimized auto scale templates available which can be used instead of the min/max values. 🤷🏼‍♂️

> * `minimum_instances` - (Required) Minimum allowed instances count. Must between 0 and 1000.

Reviewer: can we quote these:

```suggestion
* `minimum_instances` - (Required) The minimum number of allowed instances. Must between `0` and `1000`.
```

> * `maximum_instances` - (Required) Maximum allowed instances count. Must between 0 and 1000.

Reviewer: can we quote these:

```suggestion
* `maximum_instances` - (Required) The maximum number of allowed instances. Must between `0` and `1000`.
```
